hello everyone this is mr brink junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction film called
upgrade be ready for some spoilers ahead
the main character gray is an old school
mechanic who dislikes modern
technologies
he's working on a muscle car for his
high value client
he takes a break in the front yard and
awaits his wife's return
she's clearly the opposite of her
husband as she owns a self-driving car
they have great chemistry nonetheless as
they share a kiss for her return
their house is fully automated which her
husband dislikes and continuously makes
fun of
gray needs to return the car he fixed to
his customer
and offers his wife to come together he
says that she would be impressed by the
house his customer lives in
personally i would be a little
uncomfortable bringing my wife to meet
some rich impressive men
they arrive at the location and she
jokes about his customer living behind
the rock
they walk down into a cave-like
structure and meets aaron
the wife recognizes him immediately as
the company owner of vessel
a pioneer in artificial intelligence the
wife also works in a competing company
named cobalt
specializing in augmenting wounded
soldiers
aaron says that cobalt will never
compete with his company
and he shows them his newest product a
computer chip that can do almost
everything better than a human can
later that night gray and his wife goes
home in their self-driving car
they begin doing the fun stuff taking
advantage of their automatic car
grace soon realizes that they are going
in the wrong direction
and tries to stop but the system shows
an error and proceeds to accelerate
they flip and crashes into the nearby
structure
a group of men with face coverings shows
up and drags both of them out
the leader grabs the wife to the side
and reveals his face
not concerned about the nearby police
drones he criticizes her for looking
down on his kind
and shoots her in the chest in front of
her husband gray screams in agony but is
pinned to the floor
the leader comes and shoots him in the
neck he cries while seeing his wife draw
her last breath
three months later gray is now a
quadriplegic
and lives a miserable life everything in
his house is automated for his
convenience
although the machines can take care of
him his mother chooses to remain by his
side
she tries her best to comfort him as he
cries in her
arms gray visits the police station and
meets detective cortez
she tells him that they haven't found
the criminals yet
gray becomes angry and mocks their
incompetence even with all the drones
that the police have
but she replies that the criminals can
also use technology to block out their
faces
she wants great to help but he replies
that he can't even stand up
gray is deeply depressed and tries to
commit suicide that night by telling the
machine to overdose him with sleeping
pills
it fails to kill him and he ends up in
the hospital
as grace sits on his hospital bed he
gets a surprise visit from aaron
he offers gray a chance to walk again
via an experimental operation
using the latest technology in the
microchip that he showed gray earlier
gray begrudgingly agrees they operate on
gray's neck and implants the trip into
his nerve system
the doctor tells gray to not expect
miracles right away
as it can be a slow process however he
begins getting control over his arms
very quickly
and eventually stands up to the
amazement of everyone in the room
aaron makes grace sign a confidentiality
agreement
and tests out his abilities on the trip
mail
gray receives a package of evidence from
detective cortez
and begins reviewing them as he looks
onto the tv screen
he hears a voice in his head gray asks
who it is
and the voice replies that he is stem
the artificial intelligence that was
implanted into his neck
stan points out some details in the
footage which he noticed
such as the criminal leader who shot his
wife with a gun implanted in his hand
suggesting he's enhanced stem also
recognized the tattoo on one of the
man's wrists
and draws it out using gray's hands
they're able to identify the person
and grey decides to pay him a visit he
breaks into the man's house and looks
through his messages
nothing important can be found except
the location called old bones
he hears the door open and stem tells
him to hide behind the closet
the stranger walks in and notices
something wrong
stan tells him to strike now with the
element of surprise
but grey hesitates the man turns around
and slams grey onto the floor
he asks who grey is and grey replies
that they killed his wife
right before grey is about to get killed
stem tells grey to allow him to take
control
he agrees and stem is able to turn the
tide right away
grey fights robotically but with great
efficiency
he pushes the man into the kitchen and
smashes his head with plates and dishes
he grabs the knife from the man and
splits his head open in a brutal fashion
shocked about his murder great panics
and doesn't know what to do next
stem advises him to clean up all the
fingerprints
as he has made a record of all of them
at the police station
detective cortez seized the autopsy of
the dead body
he was an ex-soldier with significant
cybernetic enhancements from the tech
company
cobalt she looks through the drone
footage and finds grey arriving at the
crime scene moments before the murder
she tries to enter his name as a
potential suspect
but the system rejects her due to his
medical status
aaron meets grey again and he criticizes
grey's actions
aaron is fully aware of his whereabouts
and reminds him of the risks
of being arrested if that happens he
will go back to his wheelchair
once again detective cortez pays a visit
to gray on the pretense of buying his
car
she interrogates him on the murder which
makes grey
extremely nervous but stan was able to
guide him to avoid making any mistakes
grey goes to the bar mentioned before as
old bones
and calls out anyone who knows about the
murder of his wife
everyone laughs at him except for one
man who pushes him to the bathroom
behind the restaurant
he tries to interrogate the main
character by stabbing his legs
then his torsos but receives no reaction
until he gets to the face
grey wants him to admit his involvement
that night
which the man does with a smile he then
tells
stem to take over and proceeds to beat
everyone very quickly
the man pushes grey onto a wall but he
electrocutes him with the hanging wires
he interrogates the man for their
leader's name and tries to use the knife
but couldn't he tells them to take over
and he cuts the man everywhere he tells
grey
that the man who hired him is called
fisk
stem tells great that aaron has found
their location
and is shutting them down they need to
find a hacker to override the system
he tells grade the necessary codes which
he rides down on his arm
they rush to a building and meets the
hacker in a room where many people
are playing vr gray asks why anyone
would choose vr over the real thing
which the hacker responds that it's less
painful
he rewrites the code for stem and
removes its restrictions
fisk arrives at the building and the
hacker leaves grey still paralyzed on
the floor
fisk and his buddy walks towards grey
but stan recovers just in time
he runs away from the gunfire onto the
rooftop while fisk's man
chases him grace stops and waits for him
to get closer
and disposes him very quickly by
shooting him with his own arm
greg gets home only to see his mother
waiting there
she's shocked at how he can still walk
and wants to know where all the blood
came from
gray tells her everything and warns her
about his confidentiality
she wants him to move on and start
living but grey only has revenge on his
mind
detective cortez visits grey to his
surprise
and questions him about the new murders
which he was seeing
present again he rebuts her suspicion
but cortez secretly places an analog
voice recorder in his pocket
grey tells stem that they must stop
because they will get
caught but stam is able to take control
of his body without the input guards
he gets up and leaves the house to find
fisk and eliminate him
detective cortez hurt their conversation
and follows them behind
stem is unable to disable her car
because it's not electronic
after a series of car chase stan hacks
into another car and causes cortez to
crash
she goes back to grace mother and asks
her to explain
everything grey finds fisk in his
apartment and points a gun at him
fisk says that he did great a favor by
turning him into a cyborg
as he's now more powerful than ever
before
grey just wants to know why he killed
his wife
fisks explains his wife was never the
objective
and he was paid to sever grey's spine
he only killed the wife mostly for
pleasure
this angers grey and they get into a
fist fight they're quite evenly matched
and grey is able to disable the nanobots
attack
but fisk eventually gets the upper hand
and points his gun hand at grey
stem tells him that they are out of
options and grey must improvise now
he makes the connection that his first
murder was fisk's brother by their last
name
and insults his brother's honor this
causes fisks to get emotional and loses
his upper hand
which grey takes advantage of and kills
him swiftly
he looks through fisk's messages and
finds his conversation with aaron
suggesting that it was aaron who hired
them in the first place
he heads towards aaron's house
immediately
gray finds aaron sitting with a horrific
expression
he demands to know why aaron did all
this to him
which aaron denies being responsible
detective cortez shows up
and points her gun at gray but is
quickly dispatched by stem
he continues to kill her but grey
refuses and momentarily regains control
he tells cortes to use the taser which
disables stem for a brief moment
aaron points the gun at grey and
explains that stem was responsible for
the whole thing
in fact aaron no longer controlled the
company a long time ago
and he became a puppet stem's objective
is to become
human so he needed a body to control
grey jumps up suddenly and kills aaron
with the knife in his hand
he points the gun at cortez but grey
refuses
and maneuvers the gun to point at
himself
suddenly gray appears in the hospital
with his motor functions intact
he sees his girlfriend walking towards
him and holds his hand
she tells him that he was out for many
days but this
is only a dream which stem has trapped
grace mind in
stem is now in full control and he
shoots cortez in the chest
killing her he pulls out the knife in
his hand
and exits the house
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time